[AMERI]
The honor student, Iruma...
[SULLIVAN]
Heigh-ho!
[horses neigh]
It's finally been delivered,
I'm so delighted.
This custom carriage
to take my precious grandson
to and from school.
Hyah!
You see that thing yesterday?
Yeah, I totally did.
[BOTH yelp]
[SULLIVAN]
Run like the wind, beauties.
The heck was that?
The chair demon?
My sweet Iruma's
on his merry way to school.
[laughs]
[chuckles uncomfortably]
[IRUMA]
So much for a low profile.
So, grandson, how do you
like the ride so far?
Oh, it's good.
I mean, fantastic.
[gasps] But this...
Right now, it's got
plenty of Grandpa's magic in it,
so it should be okay.
Just please don't let it
get hungry and go crazy again.
[groans uncomfortably]
-♪ Humans they are loved ♪
-[gasps]
♪ For after all they taste
so very good... ♪
I wonder if humans
really do taste good.
What? You still
believe in humans?
They're a myth, my dude.
[BOY]
No way! They totally exist.
[IRUMA gasps]
I'm just gonna live in hiding.
I can't afford to stand out,
no matter what.
[tires screech]
[murmuring]
Master Iruma...
[drumroll]
...has now arrived!
[IRUMA]
And I'm totally standing out!
[NARRATOR]
Iruma Suzuki, age 14.
One day, he found himself
the grandson of a demon
named Sullivan.
Sullivan loves and spoils Iruma,
and is even sending him
to the most
prestigious school in the land.
But there's just one problem.
The school Iruma is attending
just so happens to be
the demon school
known as Babyls.
[IRUMA] I can't ever let them
find out I'm human
or I'm gonna get eaten for sure.
[IRUMA, ASMODEUS AND CLARA]
"Ameri's Theory."
[indistinct conversations]
This way.
Give me a break, will you?!
-[ASMODEUS] Iruma sir!
-[IRUMA] Huh?
A very good morning
to you, master!
Oh, hey, good morning, Azz.
I'm so sorry that I couldn't
come with you today.
Are you kidding?
That was the most
glorious entrance ever.
-[gasps]
-I was so impressed with--
-[CLARA] Kaboom!
-[ASMODEUS screams]
Morning! How's it going?
Ugh! What do you think
you're doing, you pest?
-[CLARA yells]
-[ASMODEUS screams]
-[ASMODEUS] There is something
seriously wrong with you!
Uh, hey, Azz, Clara,
we should get to class now.
[OPERA]
Could I have the carpet back?
[ASMODEUS]
Give back the carpet!
-[CLARA] Kaboom! Kaboom.
-[ASMODEUS] That's enough!
Stop with the kabooms!
Don't forget your bag now.
Oh, thank you, Grandpa.
Whoa, he got the chair demon
to carry his bag for him?
That Iruma's
the ballsiest kid ever.
[IRUMA groans]
I have another surprise for you.
A phone, so you can
call me anytime you want.
I finally caved in
and converted to a hell phone.
Don't even ask me how it works,
because I haven't the foggiest,
but the point is,
now you can call me
whenever the desire strikes.
Oh? Grandson? Oh, Grandson!
[IRUMA]
That's it. No more standing out.
[KALEGO]
Silence. Time for roll call.
When you cretins hear me call
out your name, respond promptly.
-Sabnock Sabro.
-Indeed!
-Shax Lead.
-Here.
[IRUMA] I'm trying so hard
not to stand out, so why?
Oh, man.
[KALEGO] Iruma.
Iruma?!
-[ASMODEUS] Master?
-Huh? Oh, here.
Starting today,
you will all begin classes
with other teachers.
Refrain from insolent behavior,
such as not answering
when you're called upon,
or other imprudent decisions,
such as challenging
your teachers
to engage in fisticuffs.
[chuckles]
That is all.
[DEMON CLOCK shrieking]
Now, head toward
the class tower straightaway.
[shrieking continues]
Just in time.
-[ASMODEUS] Iruma sir?
-[IRUMA] Huh?
-[growls]
-[IRUMA] Whoa! Whoa.
Hey, what's wrong with her?
Well, you see, sir,
you looked down in the dumps,
so I wanted to cheer you up.
-Is it working at all?
-[CLARA growling playfully]
[CLARA] Want a piggyback ride,
Iruma-kins?
-[IRUMA gasps]
-Like this.
What's with you and my back?!
-[CLARA] Attachment complete.
-[IRUMA] Huh?
I asked you a question.
-You're shorter than Sabro.
-[ASMODEUS] Get off!
We're supposed to be
cheering up master.
-[CLARA] Never let go, Azz-Azz.
-Come on, guys. Let's go.
[inaudible dialogue]
[WOMAN]
Yis.
Students of the Misfit Class,
it is a pleasure
to meet all of you.
Welcome to the botany tower.
Here you will learn about
one of the most
fascinating fields
of study
in the scientific world.
My name is Suzie Stolas,
and I will be teaching you
about diabotany. Yis.
Today, let us use magic to try
to make some flowers bloom,
how does that sound? Yis.
Hold your hand over this
special sapling, and then...
Quan Quan.
Yis.
And just like that,
it's bloomed.
By the way, you can use
this flower to give shape,
weight and dimension
to your magic.
Alright, everyone,
it's now time to begin. Yis.
[CAMUI]
Quan Quan!
Quan Qua... [yawns]
[CAMUI gasps]
Uh, ma'am, nothing's happening.
A technique that will help
is clearly envisioning
what the flower
should look like in your mind.
Do your best. Yis.
[IRUMA] I don't have any magic,
so I can't produce a flower.
But I need to participate
for real so I don't stand out.
[murmuring]
[BOY 1] Huh. So that's
the honor student?
[BOY 2]
Head of the class is there, too.
Huh?
[ASMODEUS]
They're our upperclassmen.
I'm sure they came here
to check up on us
because the first years' ranks
were just announced.
-Huh.
-[LEAD] Huh, look over there.
[ASMODEUS]
Hmm?
[LEAD]
The student council.
[inaudible dialogue]
[JAZZ]
Weird.
They hardly ever come
to the underclassmen's tower.
[GOEMON]
What are they doing here?
[SABNOCK]
It's obvious!
I'm bet-ranked
and the future Demon King!
It's quite clear they came
to observe me, Sabnock Sabro!
Hyah! If it's a show they want,
they will see my true powers.
Quan Quan!
-[IRUMA and CLARA gasp]
-[ASMODEUS] Hmm.
Behold! This is my blossom!
[IRUMA]
What kind of flower is that?
I mean, look.
It's eating its own pot.
I shall call it Destructive God.
Maybe it's
a little too destructive.
Good effort, I give it a B plus.
Yis, yis.
But, why?!
[scoffs]
How crude and tasteless.
Now, witness true elegance.
A fire flower!
How pretty. An A plus.
[scoffs]
Honing one's
artistic skill is key
to the proper use of magic.
-[SABNOCK] Hmph.
-[screams]
[groaning]
One must remember
to water one's flowers.
You'd douse the flames
of my proven bloodline?
Deplorable!
-[yells]
-[laughs]
Thou art amusingly
short-tempered.
Fine, then I shall cool
off thy head as well!
Yeah, first fight of the day.
-[BOY 1] This is gonna be good.
-[BOY 2] You got this.
Ah, I guess everyone's magic
is unique.
Precisely, good job.
[BOTH groan]
Yis. Could you
save your fighting
until after class? Yis.
Now, let us continue on
to the other flowers, shall we?
[chuckles]
♪
Ya guys think
I can sell this or what?
[laughs] It's fun, right?
I can't see it.
There is nothing you cannot see
with the eyes in your heart.
Everyone knows barren flowers
bear no fruit.
Any closer
and I'll cut you down.
[chuckles] It bloomed nicely.
Oh, how cute!
Oh, not at all. Not like yours.
[ELIZABETTA chuckles]
[yawning]
Wow, I love how different
they all are.
Clara, how's... yours?
[meows]
[gasps sharply]
-Ha!
-[mewls]
-[caws]
-[CLARA gasps]
[IRUMA]
Did-did something just--
Nothing. You saw nothing!
Hey, guys, something weird
just showed up over here!
Wait, why did it
just disappear?!
[screeches]
What is this?
-Nightmare fuel.
-[GOEMON] A complete enigma.
[ASMODEUS] How in the world
does that even happen?
[CLARA] I went "kaboom," it went
"eek," and then "kablooey."
I understood none of that.
And why are you embarrassed?
-You sure it wasn't "thud"?
-Kablooey!
Stop talking in sound effects.
[CLARA]
Kablooey bloo!
[ASMODEUS]
Do you two even understand
-what sound effects are?
-[IRUMA] So, this is magic.
Sorry I can't make you
any bigger, little guy.
If I had any magic, I'd love
to see a warm-colored flower.
Warm and fluffy.
Quan Quan.
Just kidding. [laughs]
Huh?
[gasps]
Master Iruma!
[IRUMA]
Whoa.
-[shudders]
-[line beeps]
Yoo-hoo! It's your grandpa.
Yay! Our first phone call.
I may have forgotten
to mention one thing before.
Remember the other day,
when I stored some of my magic
in that ring you're wearing?
Well, thing is you, grandson,
can use magic, too.
Oh, but don't use it just yet.
I haven't had time
to calibrate the output.
If you use it,
it could lead to trouble.
Uh, hello?
Lousy signal.
Look, sir,
what a magnificent vista.
[SULLIVAN]
Hmm?
My, that is splendid.
[camera shutter clicks]
[NARRATOR]
That day for the first time
on the grounds
of the demon school Babyls...
cherry blossoms bloomed.
You tell me this now.
What brilliant work,
Master Iruma.
Look at these flowers.
So pretty, Iruma-kins!
Madam President!
The first-year honor student
created some
big, pink, fluffy thing.
[AMERI]
Curious.
These flower are known to exist
only in the human world.
[BOY]
Human?
Honor Student Iruma.
I must speak with him,
and it must be immediately.
We have much to discuss.
♪
[NARRATOR]
The demon school Babyls
has six grades in total,
and currently has
666 students enrolled.
[BOY grunts]
How you like my swing?!
I'm batting
a thousand this year.
[NARRATOR]
In a school where demons
of all stripes
and creeds mingle,
there is a faction
that supervises the student body
and maintains the peace.
An elite group of demons
who are virtuous, yet ruthless.
Hmm? What?
[screams]
[coughs, groans]
[gasps]
[shudders]
Spare me!
-[fists thumping]
-[screams]
[gags]
[groans]
[sighs]
[NARRATOR]
They are...
[scoffs]
...the student council.
[AMERI] Demons shouldn't
behave so foolishly.
If you do...
♪
...at least destroy a wall.
-[ALL gasp]
-[BOY 1] She's so cool!
No wonder she's the president.
[BOY 2] She's the epitome
of what a demon should be.
President, we looked
but couldn't find
the honor student Iruma
in his classroom.
Also, we investigated
the tree exhaustively
but couldn't find
anything suspicious.
Though, its unusual color has
made it a popular attraction,
fetching many admirers.
Have they nothing better to do?
By the way, president,
didn't you mention some link
between that tree
and humans earlier?
[laughs] You don't actually
believe humans exist, do you?
Stop. Don't be dense.
Of course she doesn't.
[laughs]
Oh, yeah, I know.
Humans are nothing
but a superstition.
[AMERI]
Wrong.
Humans definitely exist.
Only a few high-ranked demons
know of their existence
but ever since time immemorial,
humans and demons
have forged contracts
involving desires.
I currently have a theory
I've been working on
for a while.
It's about this Iruma.
And my belief that he's a human.
[gasps uncomfortably]
I'm leaving the rest to you.
[BOYS]
Yes, boss!
[AMERI]
Yes, I do in fact know...
humans are real.
It's an indisputable certainty.
I have
reliable, empirical evidence
that will prove their existence.
♪
Here they are.
Secret relics
that have been passed down
within my family
for generations.
These forbidden texts
have recorded
human activity throughout time.
♪
[gasps]
[gulps]
[groans softly]
Alright.
[GIRL]
Oh, no. I'm going to be late!
My name's Rin Hoshino,
I'm 16 and I'm currently
running late for school.
I can't believe
I'm late the first day
of the new semester.
How lame!
[sobs]
[BOY]
Pass.
-[RIN squeals]
-Whoa!
[RIN]
Ow!
[BOY]
Oh, sorry.
Are you okay?
You're not hurt, are you?
[RIN gasps]
Badump.
[gasps sharply]
[squealing]
[heavy breathing]
I can't read these characters,
so I have no idea what it says.
But I'm so curious.
[squeals, gasps]
I... I let myself be enchanted
This forbidden text possesses
terrifying powers.
It appears as though
this girl is suddenly
in love with this boy.
But did he make that happen
just by bumping into her?
Is-is this how powerful
human charms are? Is it?
[gasps] No, no, no, no, no!
B-but maybe...
[gasps]
[SUZIE] Thanks for helping
with the clean-up, Iruma.
Oh, well, it was my fault
to begin with.
I'm really sorry about all this.
You've nothing
to be sorry for, dear boy,
as the tower can now
finally live up to its name.
[IRUMA chuckles]
Yis. Your gorgeous flower.
-[STUDENTS cheering]
-[BOTH gasp]
[cheering continues]
[JANITOR]
There you go.
Excuse me. I'm gonna help them.
Hmm. Yis.
[gasps sharply]
Look at the time.
I'll just take this with me.
Tomorrow's another early day
of protecting Babyls.
[panting]
-[indistinct chatter]
-[laughter]
-[IRUMA] Um...
-[JANITORS] Huh?
I'd like to help you guys
clean all this up.
Really? You sure?
Well, then,
we'll take you up on that.
[JANITOR]
Since you offered,
mind taking these
to the dumpster?
We still have a lot
of cleaning to do
on that side of the building,
so it'd be a big help.
[JANITOR]
We're counting on you, Iruma.
[IRUMA]
Huh? [gasps]
You got it, sir.
[NARRATOR]
Iruma is incapable of refusing
a request from anyone.
-Thanks again, Iruma.
-What a lifesaver.
You're the best.
Now how am I gonna
finish all this today?
[gasps] Huh?!
Oh, Azz.
Master Iruma!
I know you ordered me
to go home, so I do apologize.
But as your friend,
I am compelled to stay
by your side at all ti--
-[CLARA] Iruma-kins!
-[BOTH gasp]
Lookee, lookee.
I got a lot of trash.
-Ah.
-[IRUMA] Ah!
-Clara!
-Master, look out!
[ASMODEUS grunts]
Honestly, why are you creating
more work for Master Iruma?
Go home this instant.
Boo.
Boo yourself!
Uh, that's okay, Azz,
why don't you go home, too?
[gasps] Did-did I do something
to offend you, Iruma sir?
No, of course not,
but it is getting late,
so I have to put away
all the cleaning equipment.
Hmm. Alright, if you say so,
Master Iruma.
See ya later, Iruma-kins.
[ASMODEUS]
You are literally choking me.
[CLARA]
Kaboom.
[ASMODEUS]
Stop with the "kabooms" already.
[CLARA]
Kaboom.
[IRUMA]
There.
I'd better head home, too.
[AMERI] Taking that book
was careless of me.
Still, this is strictly
for research purposes.
It's not like I'm just taking
it home for selfish frivolity.
I would never--
[BOTH gasp]
-[AMERI yelps]
-[IRUMA] Whoa!
-[objects clatter]
-[AMERI groans]
Oh, I'm so sorry.
[gasps softly]
[BOY, echoing]
Are you okay?
[squeals]
[gasps]
You're not hurt, are you?
[gasps sharply]
-[grunts]
-[IRUMA] Huh?
You, there. Tell me your name.
Uh, yes, ma'am, my name's Iruma.
[AMERI]
Iruma.
So he's the one.
He summoned a demon
in lieu of a familiar.
Who received
an immeasurable rank...
Who somehow conjured
a strange, alien tree.
And now he's bumped into me,
and he's trying to make me
fall in love with him!
I've no doubt. This boy is...
[IRUMA groans]
He's absolutely... human!
-[IRUMA gasps]
-[AMERI grunts]
Su-ki-ma.
-It's so pretty.
-You're right, it's gorgeous.
[EIKO]
Oh, Iruma, maybe one day...
[laughing]
Flowers just can't
compare to you, Eiko.
Oh, Iruma, you're so silly.
Just kidding. [giggles]
-I can take your trash.
-Why, thank you.
-Let's take some pics.
-Sure thing.
[NARRATOR] Pay more attention
to your surroundings, Eiko.
[AMERI]
A forbidden text
smuggled in
from the human world.
For some reason,
just looking at these pictures
makes my heart flutter.
It's a human book
seemingly from
the Devil himself.
Next on "Welcome to
Demon School! Iruma-kun,"
"First Love Memories."
What? The honor student
can read the forbidden text?
That must mean he's...
Iruma, you're coming with me!
You do not have
the right to refuse.
By any means!
♪